1.31 release notes (#4376)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes/ReleaseNotesKogito.1.31.0.Final/ReleaseNotesKogito.1.31.0.Final.adoc

// IMPORTANT: For 1.10 and later, save each version release notes as its own module file in the release-notes folder that this `ReleaseNotesKogito<version>.adoc` file is in, and then include each version release notes file in the chap-kogito-release-notes.adoc after Additional resources of {PRODUCT} deployment on {OPENSHIFT} section, in the following format:
//include::ReleaseNotesKogito.<version>/ReleaseNotesKogito.<version>.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="ref-kogito-rn-new-features-1.31_{context}"]
= New features in {PRODUCT} 1.31

[role="_abstract"]
The following sections describe some of the new features or enhancements in {PRODUCT} 1.31.

== {PRODUCT} runtimes

=== {PRODUCT} Serverless Workflow

> https://kiegroup.github.io/kogito-docs/serverlessworkflow/latest/release_notes.html[New features on 1.31].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://kiegroup.github.io/kogito-docs/serverlessworkflow/1.31.0.Final/release_notes.html[New features on 1.31].
```

Author: @radtriste thats not available yet :/ only after we release a new version, latest becomes that string. @ricardozanini mentioned we cant change that as of now, without adding a web server in front.

Reviewer: @cristianonicolai this will be available as soon as we finalize `kogito-docs`
there is anyway no rebuild of `kie-docs`, we need anyway to launch a job. So we can do one after the other

==== {PRODUCT} Serverless Workflow Operator

> Starting from this release, a new operator, specific for Serverless Workflow is available in Alpha version. For more details, visit https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/blob/v1.31.0/README.md[README].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from this release, a new operator, specific to Serverless Workflow is available in the Alpha version. For more details, see https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/blob/v1.31.0/README.md[README].
```
